The weather is the last truly wild thing on Earth.
We can't predict it and we can't control it.
I'm Donal Maclntyre, and I'm going to journey around the world to seek out the wildest weather there is.
In this series, I'm going to experience the fastest winds on Earth.
136 miles an hour.
The awesome cycle of water around the planet.
I've been for...
I can't talk!
I'm going to take a ride into the cold heart of winter.
An adventure, I agree, but it gives you a once-in-a-lifetime view of the top of the wo-o-o-rld!
I'll experience the dark side of summer.
There's 1.5 million volts hitting my finger right now.
I'm going to get blasted... roasted... soaked and frozen because I want to understand how weather works, the awesome forces that drive it... and how it affects us all.
I'll meet those who survived the worst it gets and try to understand why the weather is changing... and what that means for the future.
It's going to be the ride of a lifetime.
This is..."Wild Weather"!
Our Earth is vast - 24,500 miles around - but all our weather takes place within this thin blue streak.
And it's through that thin blue streak that I'm about to go, to the very top of the weather.
Donal hi.
Are you ready for this?
Even in a jet, it takes a day to circle the earth, but I can fly through the weather in just a few minutes if I go straight up.
D316 Bravo.
Pilot Two cleared for take-off.
Right around here, about a mile or so up, is where the rain clouds start.
This is where it all comes from.
For the next few miles, all those billions of gallons float in the clouds waiting to turn into rain.
But thankfully they don't go on for ever.
So if you want a bit of sunshine, all you do is this.
For every mile we climb, the air cools by 17 degrees Celsius.
From here, at about five miles, you can look down on a thunderstorm, look into the eye of a hurricane, or even hitch a ride with the jet stream, the fastest wind on Earth.
And this is it - six and a half miles up.
The weather stops here.
Up this high, the air stops cooling and remains a constant minus 50 degrees Celsius.
All the moisture in the air has dried out.
This freezing layer of dry air is called the tropopause.
It acts as a lid, trapping all our weather below.
Way above, you enter the stratosphere, an almost completely weather-free zone.
And beyond it, space.
It's amazing to think that below me is every kind of weather imaginable.
We'll start the series by taking a journey with the winds.
In the next hour, I'm going to experience everything from a breeze to the fury of a tornado.
In just a few heart-stopping moments,
I'm going to be back down there to see how it all begins.
Take it away, Barry!
Wooh!
Having shot to the top of the weather, I thought I'd take the easy way down.
Below me is the equator and the start of my journey with wind.
And this... is where it all begins.
This is where the wind is actually born.
It's hot - damned hot.
And what's really strange is there's no wind.
And that's because this... is the doldrums.
So how is it that there are no winds where the winds are born?
The doldrums are basically a narrow strip of complete calm, five to ten degrees either side of the equator.
The intense energy of the sun heats the air, which rises in huge columns, sucking in powerful surface winds from north and south.
The only movement of air is up, so the areas underneath remain calm and windless.
This rising air is the first movement of a massive global wind cycle which will take it right across the world.
To follow the start of the wind's journey, follow this.
Down here at sea level, my leaf drifts lazily until it is lifted up by the rising warm air.
Way above, a huge pattern emerges.
The world's winds are locked into an endless cycle.
If you could see it, it would look something like this.
Warm air rises from the equator and hits the tropopause.
It then slides north and south before sinking back down to Earth and returning to the equator as the winds we feel on land or sea.
This process then repeats itself in a further two enormous wind cycles both north and south.
These six wind cells constantly try to balance the temperature between the freezing poles and the sweltering equator.
Think of it as the earth's air conditioning system.
If it didn't exist, the poles would be 25 degrees colder and the equator would be 14 degrees hotter.
And all this from a place of dead calm.
In the days of sail, being adrift in the doldrums was every sailor's nightmare.
Water on board was limited.
When that was gone, so were your chances of survival.
Stuck here alone with just my book is how countless sailors must have found themselves.
We came across a calm so endless that we saw no end in it - except death.
That's how one sailor remembered it.
Nowadays, it's hard to imagine the torture of waiting for the wind sailors endured.
But of course, if you survived long enough, the winds would come again.
That's because the doldrums follow the seasons.
As summertime moves from the northern to the southern hemisphere, the areas of intense heat that create the doldrums moves south, dragging them with it.
Then the winds created by that huge global system eventually return.
I can feel that breeze now.
Let's get outta here!
Every wind on Earth begins its cycle here.
To see what they can do, I'm off to experience all I can of this invisible force, from the fury of a tornado to the terrifying gales of the Pacific Ocean;
from the icy blasts of an Arctic morning and the cooling breeze of a summer day.
To get an idea of what to expect, I have to go underground.
Wind is measured by the force it exerts on an object.
Today, that object is going to be me.
This place can produce wind speeds in excess of 200 miles an hour.
It's funnel-shaped, so the wind speed increases as the air gets squeezed.
Up there, where I will stand, the wind is seven times faster than down here.
So it's a great place to feel the full force of it.
The speed of wind is measured using the Beaufort scale.
This is Force 2 - about six to ten miles an hour.
It feels like the gentle breeze of a summer's day.
But at 25 to 30 miles per hour, things are picking up.
This is Force 6, a strong breeze where big trees sway and you have to fight your umbrellas.
At 40 miles an hour
- Force 8 - it's getting tough to stand up.
A few miles an hour more and there'll be slight damage to your house.
Tree branches are already breaking.
But once you hit Force 9, things are getting really stormy.
50 miles an hour, a good gale, trees and power lines down, houses damaged.
But I'm still standing, as you can see.
It's taking my full weight.
In a wind tunnel, it might look like fun, but in nature, winds of this speed are deadly, and we call them hurricanes.
The people of Dade County, Florida, know about living through a hurricane.
In 1992, Hurricane Andrew changed their lives for ever.
A devastation, a tragedy like this coming into an area just shakes up people's lives for years and years to come.
The nightmare began on Friday August 14.
Like all hurricanes, Andrew began life off the coast of Africa in the warm waters of the tropical Atlantic.
Hot humid air rose up to create several thunderstorms around an area of low pressure.
Because of the earth's rotation, the storms rushed into the low pressure area in an anti-clockwise direction, like water down a plughole.
This spun them all into one enormous system which was driven across the ocean by powerful winds.
4,000 miles away in the United States, the swirling mass of thunderstorms had already been spotted.
They'd not yet formed a hurricane, but they were seen as a potential killer and were being closely monitored by hurricane experts.
One of them, Stanley Goldenberg, had flown through many hurricanes, but this time his experience was going to be very different.
I was asked to fly Hurricane Andrew and would have loved to go and fly but I said, "My wife's expecting, no." We didn't dream what would happen.
Andrew continued to build.
Like all tropical storms, it was fuelled by heat.
Warm water vapour in the cloud is attracted to minute particles like salt or pollen, causing the water vapour to condense.
This process, changing from a gas to a liquid, releases heat and in a storm the size of Andrew, the result is vast billowing updraughts which suck in more moisture from the sea's surface, creating more rain and heat, driving the wind speed higher and higher.
By Thursday morning, as the energy within the storm grew, the wind speeds accelerated to over 75 miles per hour.
Andrew was now officially a hurricane.
On Friday, the hurricane watchers saw Andrew weaken and turn away from Florida.
We thought it would move out to sea.
The Miami Herald said, 'Andrew moves out to sea. " Don't we wishl
By Saturday morning, Andrew was gaining strength.
The eye of the hurricane hit the Bahamas with wind speeds of up to 122 miles per hour.
Florida lay just ten hours ahead.
Andrew was now 100 miles across.
The outer edges were already lashing the Florida coast.
Having spent years studying hurricanes from the safety of his desk, a bizarre twist of fate meant Stanley, his family and new baby were about to become victims of Andrew.
This is our house calmly waiting for Hurricane Andrew.
Trapped at home, he hoped the eye of the hurricane would pass to the north.
I was in denial. "This isn't happening."
I was dealing with a new baby and with a hurricanel
If you can see, it's the beginnings of Andrew.
This is just one little squall.
We have much more to go.
Sunday 23rd August.
We're going to weather it out.
- "Hi, Daniell" - "Hil"
Boy, did you hear that?
I don't know if a video will pick up anything out there, but it's coming.
People talk about a tornado as sounding like a freight train or plane going by.
This was like that but seemed to get louder and louder.
It is blowing out there.
I've never seen anything like it before.
We can feel our ears constantly pop.
The winds outside are at least 110 mph.
Aaron, are you OK?
The highest winds in a hurricane are found around the wall of the eye, the outer edge of the black ring.
At 4.35 on Sunday morning, the deadly eye wall of Andrew hit Dade County at 175 miles an hour, destroying the radar that produced these images.
People asked did I hear the roof rip off.
Something hit the kitchen or living room wall and it fell on us.
Things pressed down on us in a tiny space.
The water level was rising.
Things were getting louder and noisier and we thought we were going to die.
When the roof gave and we were in the most terrifying situation during the worst part of the storm, we were pinned under the wall right there.
It fell on top of us and pinned us there.
The kids crying, us crying, thanking God that we were all safe.
Hallelujah...
Hallelujah.
It shakes me when I see the film.
I think, "These poor guys don't know what's gonna happen. "
A few blocks away from Stanley's house, a neighbourhood of pre-fab houses sat on the edge of the eye of the storm.
The lightweight structures had no chance.
This is the worst.
This is a trailer park "at about 13"7"th and 152nd."
There's many trailer parks in this area.
This is another typical street.
Everything total rubble.
For some people, the worst wind they've experienced is a strong thunderstorm.
They've seen 50-mile-an-hour gusts where power lines or trees go down.
Well the force of Andrew was almost 15 to 20 times that kind of force.
Hurricane Andrew terrorised the people of Florida for six hours, and by morning, 23 people had lost their lives.
High above the coast of Florida is a wind even faster than a hurricane.
It's one of the fastest on Earth.
It's called the jet stream - a massive river of wind 125 miles wide that circles the whole planet at up to 200-300 miles an hour.
To get an idea of what that feels like, it's back to the wind tunnel.
This is attached to an anchor point in the ceiling.
This is to make sure that if the wind takes you off your feet, you'll be OK.
It's a record attempt.
No one's stood the speed of a jet stream here before.
Lucky me (!
)
We'll aim for the speed of the jet stream.
We can do it.
If it's too dangerous, obviously still do it!
- If it's too dangerous...
- Y"ou're a braver man than mel"
The jet stream wind we'll try to reproduce down here was first discovered through an ingenious act of war.
The story begins in Oregon in 1945 during the Second World War.
A party of schoolchildren found a strange object.
As they played with it, it exploded, killing them all.
Similar objects were also found along the west coast of the USA and Canada.
Closer inspection showed they were Japanese bombs, carried by huge paper balloons.
Canadian bomb disposal expert Bert Day got a close-up look.
This is one quarter of the chandelier that hung below the big paper bag that held up all the bombs.
It's so hard to believe - complicated as hell but it worked pretty well.
(NEWSREEL) This is one of the Japanese paper balloons, identified by the code name 'paper".
Blown by the winds, the bombs could land anywhere.
The military became worried about the panic that might develop if the public knew they were Japanese.
To cover it up, we blamed it on the Royal Canadian Air Force.
We said that they were flying by and the damn thing fell out of the plane.
"Those stupid bastardsl" We blamed it on them and got away with it.
The mystery was how the balloons were getting from Japan to the USA.
A balloon that size could only travel for four or five hundred miles, and Japan was over four-and-a-half thousand miles away.
The Japanese had already discovered a fast-flowing stream of wind after flying across the Pacific towards the USA in just half the time it took them to get back.
Not until after the war would the true nature of this wind be revealed.
The Japanese had devised a cheap and effective way of bombing the USA by harnessing their knowledge - a brilliant idea.
Launched from three sites in Japan, an ingenious system of weights, altimeters and timers carried the balloons up to 50,000 feet until they entered what we now call the jet stream.
Caught in the flow, they were whisked across the Pacific and timed to drop onto the USA and Canada.
Down they'd come and - whammol - they'd be in the trees or wherever, with the damn bombs hanging on them.
The Japanese discovery of the jet stream meant America was defenceless against this ingenious airborne attack.
There was nothing we could do.
It was quite a design.
Pretty smart.
The Japs were sharp.
Despite the huge distance, over 1,000 balloon bombs reached North America, but in the end only six people were ever killed.
Today, the jet streams are used for much more benign reasons - if you can ever find one.
For world record-holding balloonists Brian Jones and Bertrand Picard, finding the jet stream became a matter of life and death.
Starting in Switzerland, the plan was to be the first balloon to circumnavigate the earth.
They hoped to do it by flying within the jet streams.
In a balloon, we can't see the jet stream or know where it is, so we have to use meteorologists.
We had two meteorologists working full time doing something like 10,000 calculations every day just to try and track the jet stream.
There are actually five jet streams at between six and nine miles up.
They mark the boundaries between the wind cells.
Low pressure air rises from the equator and meets high pressure air from the poles.
Where they converge, a spinning unpredictable tube of air is created.
It's the free ride that the jet stream provides that made Jones and Picard so desperate to find the right one.
It was just incredible watching the speed build up.
I remember thinking, "I have no idea who's flying this balloon,
"but please carry on, you're doing a grand job. " It was that feeling.
That's what the jet stream did for us.
We'd gone around the world, crossed the Pacific, with just the Atlantic to go.
And this is where it all began to go wrong.
After 14 days, they'd travelled nearly three-quarters of the way around the world before the jet stream suddenly abandoned them.
It suddenly disappeared.
It's like the fingers on a hand.
It fragments.
We had to drop down really low and get out of this and simply wait for the next jet stream to form.
All the pundits thought we'd never cross the Atlantic, and so did we.
Faced with the threat of ditching in freezing, hostile seas, five days from the nearest help, the outlook appeared bleak.
It's horribly slow - only 21 knots at the moment.
We're right out in the middle of nowhere and not going very fast.
Five agonising days passed.
This was no longer a race for a world record.
It was a desperate bid to stay alive.
And then, the jet stream reappeared.
But to get back into it meant climbing higher and using precious fuel.
The balloon was getting lighter - we'd thrown out stuff to make us lighter - we were able to push and push to get as high as we possibly could.
When we got to that altitude in the core of the jet stream,
"suddenly we weren't doing" 7"0 miles" an hour, it was 120, 130 and building.
And we shot across the Atlantic in the core of this jet stream wind.
We just looked at each other and thought, "This is just fantasticl"
There was no question of us not making the finishing line.
And we didl
We've done itl
From take-off to touchdown in North Africa, around the world in just 21 days.
I'm now ready for my own record-breaking attempt - the speed of the jet stream.
The tunnel can do it.
The question is, can I?
No one has withstood much more than 100 miles per hour in here.
Not yet, anyway.
Off!
Enough!
Enough!
Nowhere near the speed of a jet stream.
But the guys tell me I'm the first to withstand even this.
I wouldn't recommend it, though!
I feel as though I've been massaged by 100 sumo wrestlers!
Oh, dear!
An avalanche of wind just piercing your whole body.
The movement of your hands sends your body all the way over here.
In the real world, it's nothing like this.
No safety lines, no controlled environment.
It's a nightmare.
This was just the equivalent of an average hurricane or small tornado.
Without protection, I can't imagine what it'd be like. Incomprehensible.
136 is tough, but Chad Urwin has been within six inches of a 300-miles-per-hour wind and survived... when this tornado went over his head.
That's double the speed I've just tried.
Nature's winds are always savagely unpredictable.
We were watching the news and heard about the tornado coming out of the south-west.
It came from that direction, about a mile and a half wide.
Y"ou could see the tornado" sitting on the top of the hill.
It sat there for a minute then moved right.
It picked up a 26,000-square-foot church and spun it round completely.
It turned it upside down and slammed it to the ground like Tinker toys.
We came over here.
We were pelted by gravel coming at about 100 miles an hour.
My son started wavering like he was gonna be blown into the pond.
We ran this way.
We got in here.
All of us got in here.
We walked on our knees until we got to the centre.
Then we rode the tornado out while we sat in here.
So how does a wind spin itself into such a concentrated killer?
The exact mechanism is still unclear.
But it seems our friend the jet stream plays a part.
Tornadoes form in huge rotating thunderstorms known as super-cells.
These can rise as much as eight miles into the sky, and as they grow upwards they encounter the jet streams.
These fast high-level rivers of wind suck air out of the top of the storm, causing more air to be sucked in at the bottom.
This creates turbulence within the storm that causes the air within it to roll over itself.
The result is a horizontal spinning vortex of air.
Strong updraughts push the vortex into a tube and can force it downwards.
When it touches the earth, a twister is born.
The consequences can be lethal.
I feel sorry for the others that lost loved ones.
As I got out of the tin horn I saw a boy and his mother trying to get into the bathroom.
I said, "Where's your mother?"
He said, "The tornado just sucked her out of my hand. "
She didn't make it.
She died that night.
After the storm, evidence emerged that vehicles and even people had been sucked up into the tornado and carried vast distances.
Chad was one of the few survivors to witness the results.
A van and a pick-up came here from Verdon, Oklahoma, 55 miles away.
The guy who was supposedly dropped in this pond came from 30 miles away.
The tornado that ripped through Chad's neighbourhood is rare, known as an F5, the most powerful on the Fujita scale.
It contained the fastest winds ever recorded - a staggering 318 miles an hour.
At these speeds, wind can rip the tarmac from a road.
The force on the ground is the same as the shockwave from a nuclear bomb.
My wife said, "How's the house?" I said, "What house?"
She said, "Don't joke." I said, "I'm not."
I said, 'Johnson's house isn't here, our house isn't here.
"Nothing, there isn't nothing out here. "
It breaks your heart to find a piece of something that belonged to you.
I walk on the hill when it rains to look for things that belonged to me.
Every once in a while I get lucky and find something.
The little town of Bridge Creek, south of Oklahoma City, was worst affected.
In just 15 minutes, the twister had devastated the community, and in the hours that followed, survivors struggled to the school gym, one of the few remaining buildings.
What have we got here?
Their injuries were horrific.
The twister had thrown tons of metal, wood and glass into the air with the power of a machine gun.
The survivors bore all the hallmarks.
Even mud and flecks of dirt had been driven at such high speeds that they'd been forced deep into the skin.
In an area of less than two square miles, ten of their neighbours had been killed.
The next day, the damage became clear.
The Bridge Creek tornado had mown a vast strip 20 miles long through the town and surrounding hills.
In all, 65 tornadoes hit the Oklahoma region that day.
42 people died and nearly 3,500 homes were destroyed in just 11 hours.
There were several people killed by that tornado.
People like the Darnells that lived here on the hill.
Kelly Cox lost her mother up there.
The Underwoods lived over the hill here.
Those people will always haunt me.
I hope I never go through anything like that again.
Once is enough.
When a powerful wind hits an object on land, it unleashes some of its energy - a house pulverised or a forest laid flat.
But when the wind hits the water, the transfer of energy can be awesome.
Wind creates friction on any surface.
But the largest on the planet is the ocean which covers over 70% of it.
So it's no surprise to find the friction between wind and water has amazing results.
Hawaii is the best place to test the enormous energy generated by the friction between the two.
The folks here are world experts at harnessing it in any way they can.
With just a few metres of nylon and a 20-mile-an-hour breeze, the power of the wind can be turned to a maximum-strength adrenaline buzz.
Champion kite surfer Marigold Zoll claims she can get me airborne in a single afternoon.
It can't be that difficult - it's only a kite, after all.
If you double the wind speed, you get four times the force.
So add another few miles an hour to the wind speed against my kite now and in theory there'd be enough power to lift the average family car.
However, it seems today that's not going to work for me.
So we're getting a bigger kite?
- Y"eah."
- I'm heavy and we need some air.
- That's the real reason, isn't it?
- "That's right."
Bit of a ballerina about me out there.
- Very smooth.
- Y"ou were on your toes."
Am I a bit too smug for a beginner?
We'll see how you do on the board.
Just as wind pushes against my kite, it also pushes against the water.
The result is waves.
But getting onto them is not as easy as it looks.
A few tiddly Hawaiian waves can eat you in and spit you out, so imagine what the whoppers can do.
When you think of the chaotic way that waves are born, it's a wonder there's any order to them.
In fact, every ocean has its own unique wave rhythm.
You can tell the size of an ocean by the number of times a wave breaks in a single minute.
Here in Hawaii, you get about seven crashing ashore every 60 seconds.
And over here, 10,500 miles to the east, on the far shore of the Atlantic, on the Irish coast, you get... eight waves a minute.
But if I go back there 5,000 miles... over to the smaller Gulf of Mexico, you count many more waves per minute.
Nine... ten... eleven.
There are 12 per minute - that's five more than in Hawaii.
That's because the Atlantic and the Pacific are far bigger oceans than the Gulf of Mexico.
The bigger the ocean, the more time and space for the wind to act upon it.
The longer the wind blows on a wave, the larger it becomes and the more distant from other waves.
So in really big oceans, you get bigger waves and fewer of them - about seven every minute on the Pacific coast, compared to 12 on the smaller Gulf of Mexico.
If there's no wind, there's no waves.
The erratic nature of the wind stabbing at the surface creates waves.
The further across the sea the wind blows, the bigger the wave it creates.
Wind and water are in constant contact, each bringing friction against each other.
This friction literally whips up the ocean, sculpting water into its most beautiful form.
But elsewhere in the world, a powerful wind can turn waves into monsters.
A big storm on one side of an ocean can push big rollers thousands of miles onto beaches on the other side.
But if a massive storm travels across the ocean, its waves can be deadly.
So what happens when the winds blow up a real tempest at sea?
The answer is a lot closer to home.
Having travelled across the Atlantic to Ireland,
I'm about to see what happens when the wind and the waves combine with the power of the jet stream and the intensity of a hurricane.
Few people have witnessed it, let alone lived through it.
Below me is the Fastnet race, where the best yachtsmen pit their wits against the roughest seas in the world.
This is the Fastnet Rock, off the southern tip of Ireland.
It's one of the most westerly points in Europe, so it's the first place to feel the full force of the Atlantic storms.
Some of the really big ones come from the USA, carried here by powerful transatlantic Westerlies.
Given the right conditions, these storms can whip the seas around us into terrifying walls of water, which have even reached over the top of the lighthouse.
In the summer of 1979, just a few miles from where I'm standing, a storm of almost unprecedented ferocity set in, a storm so powerful that it was unlike any other recorded in these waters.
It spelt disaster for the few yachtsmen and women caught up in it.
They're not like breaking waves on a beach which are lovely to watch.
They're like monsters, they rumble.
As they charge down the face of the wave, they build and build.
They're huge - they just engulf you.
And they did.
At the heart of that terrible storm remains a mystery - a mystery that hints at a freak weather phenomenon.
The start couldn't have been in better conditions.
Perfect.
Good visibility, light breeze.
It was the dream start to the race we'd looked forward to all year.
In 1979, Matt Sheahan was 17 years old and working as crew on his father's boat in the Fastnet race.
The 600-mile course round the legendary lighthouse is the perfect place to stretch the world's best to their limits.
But 1979 was different.
A hot summer's day in North America, a freak weather phenomenon over the Atlantic and a lighthouse off the coast of Ireland were to play a part in the closest thing sailors have come to hell.
"An event like the '"7"9 Fastnet" leaves you in no doubt whatsoever as to just how powerful the weather can be.
A small change is enough to turn a situation you think is under control - that you'd planned for, may be apprehensive about, but you're under control - into complete chaos.
On August 10th, 4,000 miles away to the west,
"Low Y", as the storm would come to be known, was beginning to form in the skies of the Northern Great Plains of the USA.
Hot summer air mixed with cold air from the north.
Nothing unusual - these storms are normally harmless and burn themselves out in a day or so.
At the same time, on this side of the Atlantic, the Fastnet competitors were worried that there wouldn't be enough wind.
Far above the little storm in America, the jet stream swung slightly south and began to blow over the top of the storm, accelerating the wind speeds.
The whole system was then pushed east across the Atlantic Ocean, gaining strength and speed with every hour.
News that Low Y was on the way reached the yachts later that night.
We were pretty well organised and battened down and ready to face it.
Low Y was expected to head straight for France, away from the Fastnet, but at the last minute it turned and headed north towards the rock.
On the evening of August 13th, the storm slammed into the race.
What happened then, as things developed, was that it did get very uncomfortable.
The chaotic fury of the storm caused rapid changes in wind direction, which created towering waves that battered the boats from all sides, making them almost uncontrollable.
Matt and the other experienced sailors were shocked and confused.
The crests of waves would break way above you and you could just hear this rumbling and you'd look around thinking, "Where on earth is this coming from?"
To your horror, you'd see it coming down towards the boat.
That was certainly one of the most frightening things about the ordeal - not knowing where these breaking waves were coming from.
That's because at the heart of the storm a highly unusual event was taking place.
When all the weather records were analysed, they revealed the presence of a unique phenomenon - a freak event where a tongue of cold dry air from high in the stratosphere, a "surface jet", forced itself down into the heart of the storm.
The effect was like turbo charging.
It split a normal storm into several systems, each with the strength of a hurricane.
Early next morning, Mayday calls were jamming the emergency radio frequency.
Reports were coming in thick and fast of 50-foot waves like blocks of flats and 70-mile-an-hour winds.
The one that caused the biggest problem came rumbling down, hit us and turned us upside down again.
But this time the boat didn't come upright.
This time it remained upside down.
As I was held down in the water,
I just felt cross and disappointed.
Disappointed because there were so many things I wanted to do.
While Matt was under water fighting for his life, his father, David, had also been swept overboard.
What I remember next was standing up and seeing what I least wanted to see.
I don't know why, but I knew straight away it was my father, lying face down in the water, just drifting away.
That was the last I ever saw of him.
As we flew back, looking out of the window, it was a scene of chaos.
Some people were firing distress flares, desperate to be picked up.
I think that was the first time that it really struck me how serious the whole scene had been.
Tragically, Low Y was responsible for 15 deaths in the Fastnet race.
Some were washed overboard, others died trapped in their vessels.
But many more died in life rafts that proved woefully inadequate for such awful conditions.
Friends of mine who were in the storm and people I've met since then who have sailed round the world, all of them say they had never seen anything like the conditions they saw in this small area in the Irish Sea.
This was wind and waves at their wildest.
They defeated the best sailors in the world.
But there is a wind that creates the biggest waves in the solar system.
It's the fastest wind of them all.
Here, on one of Hawaii's highest mountains, is the place to see it.
But at a speed of four million miles per hour, you need specialist kit... because this wind comes from space.
It's called the solar wind, and when it arrives it creates the most spectacular show on Earth.
93 million miles away, the sun erupts, spewing a barrage of charged particles out into space.
At its fastest, a solar wind travels about four million miles an hour, but because it has so few particles in it, it wouldn't even ruffle your hair.
As I speak, billions of charged particles are passing through us all and by now they're already way out in space.
Although we can't see or feel the solar wind, we can see its presence in one of nature's most fantastic displays of light,
65 miles above our heads.
The Aurora - the northern and southern lights.
You're looking at billions of electrons - charged particles in the solar wind that hit the atmosphere and excite the gases within it, creating the ultimate space rainbow.
As the solar wind washes over the earth's magnetic field, the charged particles within are drawn down over the polar regions.
When they hit the atmosphere, the Aurora is created.
It's the same mechanism that's making the picture you're watching right now.
The Earth's magnetic force guides the particles in the same way your TV tube guides these images onto the screen.
But does the solar wind affect our weather?
Yes, but no one knows exactly how.
It certainly seems to affect the ferocity of polar storms.
Some believe all those particles from the sun crash into the troposphere, creating more clouds and fuelling more storms.
While scientists cannot agree on exactly how solar winds do this, they realise that the forces that drive our weather do not stop at the boundary between Earth and space.
Back on Earth, this frozen landscape marks the end of my journey.
The winds I followed from the equator have taken about 14 days to enter the last of the big wind cells.
It's been quite a ride!
Here in the frozen north, the wind's journey to the poles finally ends.
In just two weeks, our journey, which began in the hot stillness of the doldrums, has brought us everything from storms at sea to the terrifying power of a hurricane.
After carrying all this violence, it comes to rest here, sinking gently back towards Earth.
Now all this cold air begins to slip south and the cycle starts all over again.
This enormous cycle of the winds has brought every kind of weather to every corner of the earth.
As it churns endlessly through the atmosphere, it shapes our world and changes our lives.
In the next programme, I'm going to take a ride with water, the fuel of the weather.
Driven by the winds, water can bring life and death.
I'll be following water's journey around the planet from the oceans to the clouds, from a storm to a flood, to experience the awesome power it can unleash.
August 10th:
Japan stood defeated before the might of the Holy Britannian Empire. and even name taken away from her.
Eleven.
That number became the new name for the Japanese.
Seven years have passed since then. and obtained a special power.
Geass.
The ability to give an order to anyone. A power that enforces absolute obedience.
the Holy Britannian Empire. could live happily in.
Lelouch embraced destruction and took on a false name.
That name was Zero. and continued to go against the people of the world.
Even if the people close to him got involved...
Even if a large amount of destruction came along with it...
He refused to halt.
Even if it's his own siblings...
friendships...
Even if a path towards loneliness awaits him...
Because this course of action is the proof of Lelouch's existence.
Code-R.
I see.
The readings of the activity between her neuroforamen and the electrical receptors are higher than expected.
Understanding is happiness!
right?
This illness.
Code-R is not a patient!
can't you be a bit more obedient?
Note: your brain cells are now draining off into the arterial circle of Willis...
Enough excuses already!
you turned me into this thing as revenge!
I understand. We can talk as much as we want later.
Let's head back to our motherland!
we shouldn't be arguing about that!
Britannia!
I am Zero.
Zero...
A rebel against those with power!
I'll wait until 0:00 hours.
Surrender and submit to my army.
The entire settlement...?
the communication channels are... what about communications with the outside world?
Confirm the positions of the enemies now.
Your Highness.
For Euphemia's...
I will avenge you Zero.
From all sides.
This is my ultimatum.
I'll wait until 0:00 hours.
Surrender and submit to my army.
Submit to his army... the settlement will... what are you doing?
Stop it!
If you do that...
Can you stop hindering me?
Stop fooling around!
If you don't stop immediately...
How are the preparations for the bombers?
They are able to match our timing.
All right.
Prepare to fire!
you have lost since you were lured into thinking that it's a direct confrontation.
What? !
An earthquake? !
A layered foundation that can be broken up in order to counter earthquakes.
There's nothing weaker than that when all the floor parts are crumbled.
Setting up a battle formation around the outer edge to intercept the Order of the Black Knights has brought about your downfall.
I won't be finished off here...!
Zero... You're indeed amazing!
is the entire settlement destroyed? because some of the buildings are essential for the restructuring of the future.
But how did Zero get such help from the underground?
Villetta and Jeremiah guessed right after all?
That's wonderful then!
people are nothing more than chess pieces when they're up against the world.
This is great. that man will appear even if he doesn't want to. all the necessary cards will be in my hands.
What is the status of the enemy aerial forces?
The other organizations allied with us have started fighting in the areas ahead in order to counter them.
and Awaji.
All right. This is the time then.
Charge!
Team Three will head towards the press agencies.
Team Six will head towards the public safety department.
The special force teams will try to suppress the airspace in the lower region.
The rest will engage in a frontal assault.
Gather information about the remaining capabilities of the enemy!
Retreat! Retreat!
All forces retreat back to the government office of Britannia!
Your Highness!
What's wrong?
the cockpit block can at least be... please go on ahead to the government office and don't bother with people like me!
Cornelia identified. Brace yourself!
Prepare yourself!
Tohdoh!
You vengeful ghost!
Princess!
Leave this to me!
Guilford?
That bastard I met at Narita?
Take this chance to return to the government office!
Are you telling me to forsake my subordinate and run away? !
you must retreat!
It's for Princess Euphemia's sake too!
I'm chosen by the princess... a knight chosen to protect the princess!
That's the same thing as the Lancelot's?
That is why I will defend this spot...!
I understand...
Guilford.
Your Highness!
together with the special forces team will go in first and take control of the school area!
We'll make one of those buildings our headquarters.
Eh?
The school area?
you'll be stationed there.
Ohgi?
O-Okay. I understand.
right? To the Tokyo Settlement.
However...
Congratulations!
The Special Envoy was established in order to carry out our research.
We have already finished what we're supposed to do.
We haven't received any orders from the Governor General to sortie either.
you'll be violating orders if you launch now.
but...
You can't do this!
Zero is in Tokyo!
I will defeat Zero with my own hands!
Don't hinder me.
I will do it!
Tohdoh-san!
are we going to charge?
How are the other teams doing?
They are attempting to flank the enemy.
The Graston Knights?
we have already set up a formation ahead.
Please head back.
Sorry. You have my thanks.
Please don't say that.
We were originally General Darlton's subordinates after all. protecting Governor General Cornelia comes first.
Do you know what the situation is like?
I think that the enemies that are attacking up front are a diversion.
only the militia remains once we're done here.
In other words...
They're trash.
I've already taken care of the aerial forces.
Leave G1 to Kaguya.
You'll move to the designated spot.
Understood.
prepare the Raikon.
Okay.
Rakshata?
We are moving.
Kallen will switch to providing backup.
Okay.
if the target appears...
Understood.
All right.
what is the name of our supporter?
A-Ah... She's called Shinozaki Sayoko.
communication has been terminated!
It seems that revolts have broken out in the Sapporo Settlement as well.
Fleets from the Chinese Federation have been sighted gathering around the East China Sea.
Even the Chinese Federation...?
To think His Excellency is not around at a time like this...
He went there again?
Odysseus.
Preparations for the dispatch of our troops have been completed.
Please appoint someone as the commanding officer.
Asking me that so suddenly...
We're clear that the incident with Euphemia was a failure...
But all the areas will fall if we don't manage this well...
Princess Cornelia is...
I will go.
I-Is that so?
You will go?
isn't it? People killing each other.
Superconducting Maglev-style Shrapnel Cannon....
Fire!
advance!
It seems that Britannia plans to defend only the government office.
They intend to conserve their forces while waiting for reinforcements.
So that is indeed what they're planning.
Don't move! This is the Order of the Black Knights!
We'll be taking over this area!
You will follow our instructions.
H-How can that be...?
D-Don't tell me...?
Zero?
This is the movement that'll change the world.
Section Chief.
O-Okay!
Looks like we are able to film the great movie that the public is waiting for.
all the broadcasting stations are...
Raise your hands and turn around!
the Order of the Black Knights!
Put your guns away!
Huh? What are you saying at a time like this?
Rivalz...
Let me act cool for once.
I will protect everyone!
I see!
Stop it!
I already told you not to do anything to them.
B-But! You told us to make this place our headquarters...
There's no need for it to be the Ashford Academy... are going to use this school as our headquarters.
Somewhere else...
do we?
I'll guarantee everyone's safety.
until the battle ends... the Order of the Black Knights will defend this place.
So...
There's no way we'll believe that!
Against Britannians like us... please... do as you're told.
Huh? Kallen?
I see...
So that's what's going on...
Can you promise me this?
but everyone in this school?
Everyone in the boys' and girls' dormitory have been prohibited from leaving.
I think it should be fine.
what did you do to me? Eh? Do you know how frightened I am?
right?
Something... to me...
Huh?
Cruel... how cruel... the Lancelot is here...!
It came after all.
Move aside!
Where is Zero?
I will finish off Zero...!
Geass?
That's right. Zero has an extraordinary power.
Don't tell me...
Why did Her Highness Euphemia's personality suddenly change?
doing at Shikinejima?
In other words...
A power capable of manipulating people and making them lose their memories.
Everything falls in place now that I think about it.
an Eleven and I actually...
That student... Lelouch Lamperouge is truly evil!
Suzaku!
Kallen?
Since we've encountered each other in combat... but you have to die here!
Don't be an idiot!
You and all the other Japanese are being fooled by that man!
The way you say it pisses me off!
What the heck do you know about Zero? !
Then tell me!
Zero...!
Where the heck is Zero? !
answer me! Where the heck is Zero? !
there's no way I'll tell you that!
Then I'll finish you off here!
Don't act arrogant just because you can fly!
Caught you!
Take this!
talk! Where is Zero? !
I hate persistent men.
Is that so?
Then I'll finish you off here...
Is there anything you want to say?
Wait!
Kururugi Suzaku.
It's na? ve for me to feel attached to you.
How about we have a one-on-one duel to sever all ties?
Just what I wanted!
Tohdoh-san?
Asahina?
How is Urabe faring?
We have taken over the Energy Filler supply repositories as planned.
All right. Let's join up with Senba and Chiba.
Surround the government office once we finish resupplying.
Our main forces will be breaking through the front!
Understood!
Give orders to Lord Cray to retreat.
Tell him to form a defense line in the railway tunnels.
Your Highness.
Cornelia.
We are in formation. What about the defense line of the government office?
Keep it as it is.
It'll be disadvantageous to the Order of the Black Knights for this war to be dragged out.
Your Highness.
how are things on Brother's side?
The Pacific Ocean fleet will arrive in 75 hours.
the aerial fleets from Sado and Torishima have already taken off.
in about thirty more minutes...
Leak that information to the Order of the Black Knights.
you guys will defend the front of the government office together with Guilford.
Cornelia?
It's preparation for the banquet.
Zero!
You still can't calm him down?
He's strongly resisting it!
I'm going to remove the connective nerves from his bones!
T4 is heading towards the government office?
Has the enemy's aerial fleet arrived?
it seems like a sole machine.
right?
and Diethard and the others have taken over the media area.
Kaguya-sama is around to act as a decoy as well.
We'll win once we secure the rear.
This is for the sake of Yoshida and the others who have died... we caught a suspicious person.
A student?
Let him go if that's the case.
There's no reason for us to imprison them.
it's an intruder who sneaked in from the back of the school.
Snuck?
Oh? !
Chigusa?
S-She's a supporter under my direct command.
Lead her to another room.
I'll personally listen to her report.
I wonder if Nina is still at the Ganymede's warehouse.
Kallen... what will they do to us...?
It'll be fine.
Huh?
The Order of the Black Knights will...
Zero... will definitely not hurt us.
How are you so certain?
Despicable!
You intend to hold them hostage?
Wasn't this supposed to be one-on-one? !
You are the one who turned down chance after chance to become my ally.
I'll make you regret those boring aesthetics you hold so dear!
isn't that black KnightMare the one that appeared on the news?
How is that... Why would Zero be aiming at this place?
Impossible!
because if that's true...!
Charge in at a low angle and fire my Harken...
Zero!
Go.
This is...!
There's indeed no time to come up with a countermeasure to this.
as promised...?
do whatever you wish with that machine.
do you intend to bluff and betray people till the very end? !
I have no time for a hypocritical game.
Kururugi Suzaku.
Damn it!
as expected.
Is this the time to act carefree?
The enemy reinforcements are about to land.
It'll all be over if they start their bombing run.
right?
I'll be invading from the aerial region of the government office.
Hmm? I think that it's too dangerous to depend so much on the capabilities of your machine.
I know.
I'm just creating a distraction.
It looks similar... like the Aries Imperial Villa.
Why do you know that?
someday.
Wait for that day.
Zero.
you'd come here upon hearing about an aerial bombing.
it's a welcoming banquet.
I wonder if you like dancing.
why did you come to the battlefield?
we'll... Oh? I'm... sorry for hiding it from you.
But I'm doing this for the sake of peace.
Once Zero frees Japan from the clutches of Britannia...
We can be together.
Don't say something so disgusting!
For me to be together with the likes of an Eleven like you?
a knight of Britannia. E-Erm... I-I see...
Chigusa... your memories... have returned...
Ohgi was shot? !
Yes. The medical team is tending to him now.
Was that woman the one who shot him?
The details are still unclear...
We are still investigating.
Wait! Eh? Don't let word of what happened to Ohgi spread.
It'll cause a commotion among our comrades.
Just search for that woman.
I understand.
even Suzaku will be...
Did something happen?
Please use this chance to escape. Huh? Please go and help Suzaku-san.
that is the best thing to do...
We wouldn't find the culprit if she was hiding in a place like this.
Where's the light switch?
Beats me.
Zero...
Euphemia-sama's...
Revenge!
Zero? !
I should be overwhelming her based on machine specs!
Weakling!
Caught you!
Your life... seems as if it's within my hands!
Cornelia!
This is your punishment!
this is Darlton.
Why...?
Don't worry. I won't kill you.
You made it.
in order to deliver you to Zero... Huh? Princess...?
Why...?
Thank you, Darlton.
Princess...!
Oh my?
C.C.-san?
You're mistaken.
B-But...
I've come to pick you up.
I see...
So... you are Zero? {Literally Zero's real identity is you}
Hatred against the Britannian Royal Family...
Darlton's analysis was right... A-Are you doing this for Nunnally's sake?
That's right. I shall destroy the current world and create a new era.
You are killing others for such nonsense?
Clovis... and even Euphie! Elder Sister. the Flash of Lightning.
Hmph.
Looks like... it's pointless... to carry on this conversation.
In that case... seek an answer from you!
Yes?
were you the one who killed my mother?
No.
Then who did it? I don't know.
right?
Why were the guards withdrawn?
Because I was asked to do so. By who? Queen Marianne.
By Mother? ! How can this be...?
Mother knew that there would be an assault that day?
! that's impossible.
Who did it? !
Who killed Mother?
!
You don't know?
The facts surrounding that day!
Elder Brother Schneizel moved her corpse away under the orders of His Excellency.
Mother's corpse? Then what's inside that coffin?
come back! I know. The guards of the government office will soon... your sister has been taken away!
I'm not free to listen to jokes right now.
We should now take Cornelia hostage and head back to the base... right?
Kaminejima?
All hail Britannia!
Zero? ! How lucky!
Don't tell me it's Orange-kun?
O-O-O-O-O-O-O...
I understand!
I shall... remove all enemies of the people of the empire!
All hail Britannia! A failure like this...
How am I going to answer my master?
Only his emotions have gone out of control.
if his actions go out of control as well... it'll be great if we can still reason with him...
Don't be a nuisance! Zero...!
we are above the area of conflict... Why did you stop Suzaku-kun?
right? right?
How can that be possible? You know it too.
Humans break so easily. Both their body and their soul.
Relationships with others too. people and the world won't always behave as you tell them to.
those are the kinds of parts I want.
I'll just search for another Devicer.
Be careful.
Your KnightMare will be stopped if it gets into the field.
I understand.
It's nimble.
Ohgi? It's me. Zero?
Thank goodness... Minami?
What happened to Ohgi?
He was shot.
He has lost consciousness and is currently undergoing treatment.
the culprit is still... I understand.
You'll suffice then. Can you go and find what the girl in the wheelchair is doing?
the girl in the wheelchair comes first! Replacement...?
Hurry up and confirm it!
The students that we held hostage have all vanished.
During the confusion right after Ohgi got shot...
Sorry but right now I'm... Is Nunnally with you?
She's inside the clubhouse.
We have split up for a while. I understand.
where are you right now...?
I can't get in touch with Nunnally... Sayoko as well...
I'm your accomplice.
I'm your ally.
You want me to believe that?
It's nothing but nonsense from a woman who won't even explain her own existence.
everything you say is for your own convenience.
Concentrate fire and finish him off! Understood!
Target acquired. Fire!
2500)}I see it!
W-What the heck is that?
Zero! Zero!
I don't have time to mess around with you!
head towards 12th Street.
Everything you say is for your own convenience!
You missed!
I've already hit. Despicable. Attacking from behind.
outdated fool.
All right.
I can head to where Nunnally is now.
it's tough.
Note: Guess we need to use the Kaitenyaibatou.
what should we do with these fellows?
Should we lock them up with the other students in the gymnasium? Students? Contact Zero!
Zero will definitely protect us.
It'll be weird if he doesn't.
Everything up till now has been...
Shut up!
I'm the one who knows Zero the best!
He wouldn't hesitate at a time like this.
what's this?
You're willing to come out for some Britannian bastards? Suzaku...
What we want is that white armor of yours.
Arthur? This damn cat...!
Finish all of them off... Good evening!
Retreat!
Retreat for now! Huh? Don't tell me...!
That pudding earl actually came to the frontlines?
Use this chance!
Cecile-kun?
What's the status of the test part?
Looks like it can be used in actual combat.
It recovered!
Open your filler cover. I'll refill your energy. Okay.
why are you here...?
Lloyd-san?
The Lancelot and various other things.
but is it working?
Thank you very much. to you guys!
Royal private?
K-Kururugi?
Governor General Cornelia!
They are persistent. As expected from Cornelia's elite. Tohdoh.
I'll leave the rest of the battle to you. Huh?
Diethard will take over the injured Ohgi's duties.
There's something that I must do. I'll be terminating any further communications from now on.
W-Wait!
How can you do something else in such a situation?
Team Seven has been annihilated!
We'll start from the lower grades. Head back for now! Bring the injured along!
Hurry! Hurry!
T-The combat situation... favors our army.
Hide the fact that I'm injured...
Guilford... and the Graston Knights...
However... only you...
Please stop talking. Kaminejima... Zero is... over there.
Also... No good... I can't remember...
Geass... right?
Go and clear Euphie's tainted reputation then.
Ah... Yes.
I've knighted you as a knight of Britannia.
You are now a knight in name and in reality.
Kururugi Suzaku!
Your Highness!
Eh?
Zero is gone?
he just handed command over to those in the battlefield.
Yes.
Why... at such an important time...?
Why was Ohgi shot?
Where the heck is Zero? !
I don't know! We can't contact him?
!
right? However...
If we don't know the entire combat situation... Zero... What should I do?
K-Kallen... Ohgi-san? Are you all right?
more importantly... Chase after Zero...
Eh?
There... must be a reason... behind his actions.
Go and help him.
Zero... and Naoto's... dream... You've inherited it...
But how do I find him?
You should be able to see him soon... Right?
That is... The Lancelot?
That bastard must have a reason for leaving this place. get the launch mechanism... from Rakshata...
Understood.
Hand the flight unit we captured over to me!
Last until the students have finished boarding the ship.
I understand. Eh?
Why is there a heat source detected at a place like this?
A KnightMare?
What's with that ancient thing?
The Ganymede? Nina!
Get the Order of the Black Knights to stop as well! Huh? !
Cease fire for now! We must not shoot that thing! do as he says!
Don't shoot it!
It's something that has made Lloyd get serious?
you've completed it? It's not completely checked though. I don't know whether I can make it explode.
But...
I... what do you mean by explode? !
please step back! the entire Tokyo Settlement might be caught up in the explosion.
There's even Sakuradite being used in it! Where is Zero?
Tell me. Princess Euphemia's revenge...
Where is Zero?
What have I been doing all this for if Nunnally disappears?
I'll take her back no matter who I face... I'll take Nunnally back!
it's really this place.
Does this place have something to do with you? I don't know this place.
so that means there are other places like this?
Is the one who took Nunnally a Geass user?
I don't know about that.
It's the truth.
our relationship as accomplices will continue.
What?
Calm down.
This is a trap set to ward off intruders. The one who activates it...
What is this...? The past...? C.C.?
C.C....
This is... your...
The only things that remain are my memories as a witch. I don't even remember whether I was originally a human or not.
or the people who like me.
Everything has disappeared in the flow of time.
Within the endless flow of time...
I... alone... You're not alone.
We are accomplices.
you sure know what to say at the right moment.
are you all right?
Persistent bastard!
The Hadron Cannon can only be fired one more time!
My wonderful revenge!
High speed! High accuracy! High efficiency!
Leave him to me.
You go to where Nunnally is! the amount of energy left is...! I'll be fine.
I feel a bit uneasy. you must win. Against your own past.
And against the results of your actions.
don't die.
Who do you think you're talking to? {omitted the "hmph"}That's right.
You are not the type of man that I want to commit a lovers' suicide with.
We can't advance at all!
the enemy reinforcement will...!
What should we do? !
Inoue...
What the heck is Zero doing? !
All forces advance! Finish off the rebel forces in one sweep!
Defend this place even till death!
Our forces will be eliminated if we lose this place!
It's not because Tohdoh is bad at military tactics... That guy... Zero has charisma...
However... now that we've come so far... Don't tell me...! Zero-sama...
Have you really abandoned us...?
Abandoned Japan?
can you not hear me?
Euphemia mercilessly killed innocent Japanese.
you...
It sure is a convenient power. The one called Geass.
You hide within the shadows and all the responsibility is thrown at others. How arrogant and despicable. That's your true self.
Kallen! Don't you want to know Zero's true identity?
What are you saying at a time like this? You have the right to witness the truth as well.
Wait!
What? !
Why?
I don't... believe it.
Le... Lelouch is... I'm Zero.
I lead the Order of the Black Knights against the Holy Britannian Empire.
And I'll eventually be the one who takes over the world.
You made use of us Japanese?
Even me... Japan will be liberated.
right?
I should have arrested you earlier.
You discovered it?
I don't want to believe it.
That was why I always denied it.
Because I believed in you. But you were always lying.
To both me and Euphie. Even to Nunnally!
That's right! Nunnally has been abducted!
can we have a truce for now?
People...
Humans... chase after the existence of happiness.
wanted... was just a tiny bit of happiness.
It's nothing special. was just a very tiny wish that every human has.
Monggo mirsani
Though he had everything he wanted... Prince was cruel and selfish.
Sir, it's time.
He imposes high taxes on the people to fill the castle with beautiful things.
We did it. And party with great people.
On one night there was an intruder who arrived at the castle.
He sought refuge from the storm.
As a reward he offers a rose to the Prince.
Disgusted by the poor performances jeered her prince gift,
Then, the woman warned her to not be fooled by appearances...
Because of the beauty, indeed there is in him.
And, when she drove back, old woman transform herself... be beautiful and fascinating woman.
The prince tried to apologize, but it was too late... because he had seen no love within the prince.
As punishment, he changed the prince into a horrible creature... and left a curse on the palace, and all who live in it.
Day turned into years, the prince and his servant have been forgotten.
Magicians keep them remember loved ones, but the roses he had a magic roses.
If he can learn to love each other and love unrequited, when the last leaf falls then, the curse will disappear lf not, he will be damned as bad beast forever.
Years passed He fell into despair and loss of hope... waiting to see who will learn to love the horrible creature?
Small town Quiet village
Every day like any other day
The small town Full of little people
Waking up to say:
Bonjour!
Bonjour!
It was the baker with his tray as usual
The same bread ready for sale Every morning the same Since the morning we come
For a poor provincial towns
Good morning, Belle!
Good morning, Monsieur!
Did you lose something else? Looks like. The problem is I can not remember what it was.
I'm sure it will come back to me.
- Where are you going?
- Go to the bookstore.
It was about two lovers.
Sound boring.
strange girl, no doubt always confused
Never in keramainan Because the head was covered with clouds
No doubt, this girl Belle
Bonjour Good afternoon
How are your family Bonjour Good afternoon
How are your wife I need six eggs was very expensive
There must be a better life than this place
Look at the only nerd in town. You're where?
2 cities in the North.
I do not want to go back. - Have you got a new one?
- l'm afraid there is not.
but you may have read.
thanks.
Your library makes it so great.
OK. Bye.
Look at this girl she is surely strange I doubt if he's healthy
His nose is always a dreamy way, stuck facing book
For us it was a girls 'Belle' ls not this awesome
This is my favorite part
Because you'll know
This, when he met the handsome prince but he would not meet him
Until part three
There's no doubt why the name of the 'Beauty' There is no iota of similarity
Behind the face of reasonable Kuyakin him odd
Very different from us all
He does not like us.
He's different with us all the 'Belle'
My future wife.
Belle is the prettiest girl in the village.
- That makes her the best.
- But he is predictable.
You're very athletic.
- l know.
She is beautiful.
- Yes. You got us.
Yes, since the war I lost something.
He's the only one who gave me the spark.
When I first saw and met him I told you she was beautiful and I are interested ln this city just him
As beautiful as me
And I want to woo and marry Belle
Look, look at him he's not great
Mr. Gaston Oh, he is handsome
Stay tuned .. my heart, I was difficult to breathe
He was tall, sinister, handsome and ruthless
That will never happen, ladies.
Lunch Bonjour
You call this bacon?
Beautiful flower 10 yards!
Excuse me!
I picked up the knife!
Let me through!
this fish
Smell
Mrs wrong Maybe so
There must be a better life than this place
See, I will make 'Belle' wife
Look at him, a strange but special girl
She was the girl who most insane
He is disabled and the poor, he does not fit here
Good morning, Belle.
What book is it?
Have you read it?
Not that it was but a book.
For your dinner table.
Tonight?
Sorry, not tonight.
- ls it true?
- So get on with life?
- The selling expensive to make the sweetest prey.
It makes Belle very tempting.
What is the name?
Pride.
That is interesting.
How moment lasts forever?
How can a story never dies?
We must hold on love
Not easy, but we try
Sometimes we get caught happiness
Somehow, place and time stood still
Love lives in our hearts and will always
Belle, can you give me... thanks.
I also need... no, no.
No.
Actually this.
- Strange?
Daughter's strange.
Where did you have the idea?
People are talking.
This small village.
Small mind also. But smaller also means secure.
Even back in Paris a girl like you is very great.
You're different. People mocked him.
Until they imitate.
Without fear.
As in painting.
- You asked every year. -And every year you bring him.
I'll bring you more.
I promise to you.
- Bye, Dad.
- Bye, honey.
Come on, Phillip.
- You know the way.
- See you tomorrow. Good.
Tomorrow with roses.
Take care of yourself.
Come on, come on.
Blue Bird that fly away.
- lt was incredible.
- What are you doing? Teach a woman to read.
is that not enough?
We have to do something.
Nobody had ever seen. But at least I know. May I remind you about the time?
- What is wrong?
- There are women who need help.
Time to be a hero.
I'm not done with you.
I also.
Belle, I heard you had a problem with the school principal.
May I give you a little advice?
- Do not ever trust him.
- What I want is to teach children to read.
The only children who should you care about is yourself.
Yourself.
- l'm not ready to have children.
- Maybe you have not met the right guy.
No, Gaston. I've met them all.
Maybe you should take another look.
- Some of us changed.
- Gaston, we will never be happy.
- Nobody can change that much.
- Oh, Belle.
You know what happens when his father died?
They beg.
This is our world, Belle.
People like us are not going to be better.
I may be a simple girl, I'm not simple I'm not going to marry Gaston.
Forgive me.
Can you imagine me to be the man's wife bore
Mrs. Gaston
Can you see it? Mrs. Gaston his wife
No, sir! Not me!
I guarantee it I want more out of life
I want adventure somewhere I want it
And for once it might be great
Having someone who understands I wanted it than they want
Very beautiful. I wish I could have known you.
You know we are where?
Because I do not know.
All right, all right, Phillip.
We can pass here.
There he is.
One road was closed, others open.
OK.
Slowly. Be careful slippery.
Come on.
Phillip!
Come on, kid!
Oh, Phillip you saved my life.
Nice. They eat dinner elsewhere.
See.
Water.
You're safe my friend. I will honor... as host.
It may...
Hello. thanks.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm sorry to disturb travelers seeking shelter from the storm.
Sorry to bother you.
There are people at home?
He must get lost in the woods.
Excuse me.
Beautiful.
Extraordinary.
- Humans today.
- He was talking about me.
Wherever you're hiding I just want to warm themselves in the fireplace.
Much better.
Sorry.
It is okay.
I can not thank you enough for your generosity I...
Come on. Go.
Wait! Wait.
You forget the roses.
There is a rose.
Take me to him.
Who is there?
Your hands are cold.
Now go before he found you!
Who?
Who is there?
Who are you?
Liar!
- l asked her roses.
Law I'm not him.
No. That forever.
That's what happened here when you pick flowers.
A life sentence for the roses?
I received the curse of a lifetime.
- Now you still want to replace your father?
- Yes.
- Select - l will not let you do it. I lost my mother is not with you, too.
Now go away.
All right, Dad, I'm gone.
I need more time with him.
You're so coldhearted.
Give it time.
- l should be with.
Now go away.
Continue your life and forget me.
Forget you?
All I've got for you. I love you, Belle.
Do not be afraid.
I love you too, Dad.
I am not afraid.
And I'm going to run away, I promise.
What?
- He was stupid.
And you, too.
Belle.
Father!
Do not hurt him!
- Dad!
- Belle.
Belle!
I will be back!
I promise!
Sorry I disturb, Miss.
But I have come to escort you to your room a new one.
My room? - But I thought...
Words...
"Once the door is closed, it will not open again."
I know he's overrated.
Hello.
Oh, you're very strong.
It's a good quality.
Creature are you?
- l Lumiere. -And...
- You can talk.
- Of course he can talk.
That's all he did.
As head of the furniture, I ask you to immediately prepare the food.
You want to be for the rest of your life, Cogsworth? Humans, or hours?
Ready, Miss?
Trust me.
- You do not be surprised. - l was surprised.
- l'm talking to the candle. - l sconce.
It's French.
Lumiere ready to serve, the palace is now yours.
- So you can be anywhere.
- Except to the west wing.
And we did not have it.
What was in the West Wing?
- Oh, nothing. - There is no.
- Warehouse.
- Warehouse. - That is all. - That is all.
Yes, that's it.
Please pass here to go to the east wing.
And I want to say, only one wing.
Carefully step.
But of course, the hosts want you to get the best room in the palace.
Gosh, we're waiting for guests.
Nice to meet you, Miss.
Do not worry, I'll clean up this place quickly.
Dangerous plan.
I will risk all to kiss you again, Plumette.
Do not love. I've dikewakan by you. - We have to be strong.
- How can I be strong, when you made me very weak.
Everything here alive?
Do not be afraid.
Meet, Madame Garderobe.
Good morning.
My sleep soundly.
Stay with us, ma'am. We bring someone to your makeup.
Finally, a woman.
The face of the proud.
The perfect canvas. Nice!
I'll swatch you are fit for a princess.
- Oh, not a princess.
- Nonsense.
Now, let's see what I have in my drawer.
Embarrassing.
Froufrou, help the mother.
"l'll never marry you, Gaston."
You know, there are other girls.
Great hunter does not spend his time with the rabbits.
# Gosh, I was disturbed to see you, Gaston # # lt looks very sad #
#All the men here want to be like you, Gaston!
# There are no men in this town are wonderful as you #
#You're like everyone #
# Everyone was amazed and inspired by you #
#And it is not difficult to know why #
# No one is as smart as Gaston #
# Nobody soon as gaston ## There's nothing as strong neck Gaston #
# Nobody dashing in this city # #A perfect example #
#You can ask Tom, Dick, or Stanley #
#And they'll tell you they prefer parties where #
#Who is playing... #
Archery as Gaston ###Who played a heart like Gaston #
#Who is part of his body like Gaston? # #As a person, yes, I'm intimidating!
#
# Gaston great guy!
# # l need consolation... #
# Thanks LeFou ## Nothing is embraced like #
- Exaggerating?
- Yes.
# Nobody fights like Gaston #
# Turn off the wax like Gaston # ln wrestling nobody bites like Gaston #
#And all the animals fear #
# First, I shoot her ## Then I shot from behind # # lt is fair ## l do not care #
# Nobody hit like Gaston ## Nothing is as smart as Gaston # # ln a spitting match, nobody spits like Gaston # # l'm very good at spitting #
- # 10 points for Gaston!
#When I was young I ate four dozen eggs #
# S3tiap morning to help large #
#And now that I'm big I eat five dozen eggs #
# So I'm at the ship #
- # Entertain... # - #As Gaston?
#
# Or make songs like Gaston?
# # l use antlers in all dekorasiku #
#Who true man among men?
#Who really successful?
You do not know?
You can not guess? #
# Tanya fans and friends #
# Only one person in town who can all #
#And the name G-A-S...
T... # # l'm sure there is a "T" another # # l just realized I was illiterate #
#And actually I never say it out loud before #
# Gaston!
LeFou Oh, you're the best.
Why is not there a girl who is close to you?
They told me that I was so dependent. But I do not understand.
Komohon, anyone. Anyone.
- You have to help me.
- Why? You have to help me.
It's about Belle.
It's about Belle.
He was jailed.
- Who is detained?
- Ugly creature.
Ugly horrible creatures great.
My daughter lives in danger, why are you laughing?
This is not ajoke. The palace was hidden in the woods.
- There have been winter.
- Winter in June?
- Crazy old Maurice.
- Listen to me! Ugly creature really exists.
You understand?
No one wants to help me?
I will help you, Maurice.
You want? All.
Stop mocking this man.
Thank you, Captain.
Show us the way to being ugly.
- Mom, there's a girl in the palace.
- Yes, Chip.
- You already know.
- He likes what tea?
Herbal, oolong, camomile.
- l'm too excited.
- Lumiere!
- Calm down, let me do the talking.
- You make him dinner.
- We thought you wanted company. Sir, I want to tell you, if I had nothing to do in prepare dinner.
Designing a dress for her, gave him a room in the east wing.
- You gave him the room?
- No. - He gave him room.
- Correct.
But this girl who can break the spell, and perhaps you could start by using the dinner to make him fascinated.
- Good thinking, Cogsworth.
- What? That's the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard.
- Make fascinated prisoners. - But you have to try, sir.
With each day that passes, we are changing.
He's a thief.
- You can not judge people by their father, right?
You're going to have dinner with me.
It was not a request. Gently, sir.
The girl lost her father and freedom in one day.
- Hold on.
- See? There he is.
Now, remember.
Gentle.
- Kind-hearted.
-And when he opened the door, give him a smile.
Forget it.
You want to have dinner with me?
You're holding me, and now you want to have dinner with me?
- You are crazy?
- He is angry.
Gosh.
- l told you to have dinner with me!
-And I say no!
Gosh, what time?
What happened?
I'd better starve than I eat with you.
Please!
Up to you!
If he does not eat with me, so he did not eat!
He's gone?
I'm late?
Unfortunately, this time I'm really going to scold him.
- Sir, you're back.
- What? - You're so funny.
- Gotcha.
Every day I was getting into metal.
Oh no. lt happened again.
- Sorry. - Everything is quiet.
We still have time.
Mother, what I'm going to be a child again? Yes, Chip.
You will enjoy a day in the sun again. Leave it to me.
- l told you to go.
- Do not worry dear. It Ny.
Oh, you look beautiful.
Seanng once knew you.
I knew if tired after the trip could be lost after a cup of tea.
Slowly, Chip.
Nice to meet you.
Want to see me do the trick? Chip. You did a very brave thing for your father, dear.
Yes, so in our opinion.
Calm down, dear.
Everything will change in the end.
You'll feel much better after dinner.
But he said, "lf he does not want to eat with me, then he should not eat."
People talk carelessly when angry.
It is up to us to not listen.
You coming, dear?
They came. Semuanay last inspection.
- Fast. - Come on.
If the host know you made the girl's food, - She'll blame me.
- l'll make sure of it.
But what you see? I tell this girl man.
They should fall in love that we return to a human being again, and how they can fall in love if she stays in her room?
- Hey, you there is still dirt. - Excuse me. - Excuse me.
- You know that girl would not love him.
Hours broken right twice a day, my friend.
But this is not the time.
Come on. Now it's time to shine!
Hey, I could not feel, but I know this is bad.
Move over, you're bothering me.
- Fast. - Come on.
- Slowly.
- Of course.
But what is dinner without music?
- Music?
- Maestro Cadenza, are you ready?
I have not been performed.
I do not even remember how.
- Cavities others.
- Maestro, teeth above.
lncreasingly difficult to remain conscious. He's relying on you to help us to break this curse.
Then I'll play despite a toothache.
Quiet music.
Of course.
There are other requests that you want of my artistic?
- There you are, dear.
Nona.
We welcome you with great pride and pleasure to welcome you this evening.
Let us take a seat.
While the dining room proudly presents...
Your dinner.
# Tie a napkin around your neck, dear #
# Soups, hot appetizers #
#We only want to serve #
# Try the gray, it was tasty #
# Do not believe me? ## Ratings plate-plate #
# They can sing, they can dance #
#After all, Miss, this is France #
#And a dinner here is the best #
# Come on, open menumu ## See at a glance and you'll be #
# Be our guest, yes, our guests.
Be our guest #
# "Beef ragout", "Cheese souffle" #
# Pies and puddings were all there #
#We will prepare and serve well #
#You're alone and afraid ### # But jamuannya ready #
# Nothing sad or complain ##While entertaining dining furniture #
#With friends-my candle wax!
#And everything with a sense of perfect ##You can be sure #
# Come lift your glass #
#You've won a free ticket #
To be our guest ## # lf you stress #
#We recommend a good dinner #
# Be our guest, be our guest Be our guest ###
# Life is very debilitating #
# To the waiter who did not serve #
# He's not himself without a soul to wait #
#Ah, in moments of fun where our handy # True, Cogsworth?
# Suddenly an enjoyable day was lost #
#We've rusted too long #
# Need more than to clean dust #
# Before the exercise, the opportunity to use our capabilities #
# More often we lazing in the palace #
# There is a guest, there is a guest # # Gosh, we will be blessed #
#Wine has been poured, and thank God # # l have prepared a napkin #
#With dessert, she wants tea #
#And I do not mind, my dear #
#While the cups clean themselves # # l'll be bubbling, I'll cook #
#We have much to do #
#You want one or two of sugar?
## For you, our guest! # # He is our guest!
# # He is our guest!
# # Be our guest!
## Our command is your request #
# For a long time we did not get a ##And we're obsessed #
###With your food with your comfortability #
# That's right, our aim airport #
#While the candle is still burning #
# Let us help you, we will continue to berinar #
# Eat for food #
# One by one # # Until you shout, "Enough, I'm full!" #
# Then we'll sing till you sleep while you're digesting #
# Tonight you lift your foot #
# But now let's eat # # Be our guest!
# # Be our guest! # # Be our guest!
# Please, be our guests!
# Pudding?
Why are you nice to me?
You never want to go?
Tuan was not as bad as it looks.
Somewhere, in his soul, he was a Pengeran.
Someone is waiting to be unleashed.
Lumiere mentions something about the west wing. Forget it.
Go to sleep, dear. - Good night.
- Good night.
Directly to the room.
- You do not realize what can you do?
You can harm us all!
Go away from here!
Go!
- Wait. - You cheated again.
- Miss, what are you doing?
- Go away from here. - Stop!
Do not, froufrou.
- Froufrou, stop him.
- Catch him!
Come on!
- Do not, froufrou.
- Do not get out.
- Do not! Dog silly.
- Naughty dog, bad dog!
Do not!
- Please do not go!
That is dangerous!
- Yikes!
You have to help.
You have to stand.
I'm sure this is the way.
There are a lot of wolves. That means we're getting close to the palace.
Simply, we have to go back.
Stop!
There he is!
There he is.
That tree.
I am sure. The time it collapsed due to lightning.
But now the tree...
Stand back again because...
Magic, or the other.
Do you want to marry into this family?
So it means, istanya toward...
No.
That way.
Certainly.
It's enough you play us.
Where is Belle?
- The ugly kidnapped her...
- The creature was not real.
Or cup speak.
Or magic.
What was real was the wolves, frostbite and starvation.
Inhale, Gaston.
Why do not we just go back to the village?
I'm sure Belle was cooking a delicious evening meal.
Why are you offering to help us?
Because he was not my biological daughter!
Let us go home.
Belle was not at home.
He shared... Say it again,
- Then I'll make you a wolf food!
- Gaston! Stop!
Think about things that are fun.
Remember back during the war.
Imagine about the explosion...
-...
Correct. imagine.
Correct.
Maurice.
Please forgive me.
That's no way to talk to the prospective father-in-law, is not it?
Father-in-law?
I might have guessed it.
If Maurice does not approve it, it means he becomes penghalangku.
Once the wolf is finished with her, Belle will not have anyone but me.
I know we're running out of options, but maybe you want to think about how a little more...
Sick.
If you can be quiet, it will not be too sore.
If you did not run, this will not happen.
If you do not scare me, I'm not going to run.
You should rest.
- Thank you.
- We are very grateful.
- Why are you so concerned about her?
- We have maintained for a long time.
He cursed you, even though you are not doing anything.
You are right.
When Mr. losing his mother, and when the father grabbed the child a sweet and innocent, change it to be like his father, we can only dwell alone.
SONG:
Days ln The Sun # days when life begins #
# Not until my day ends #
#What I will bow again ## By the rhythm of the song dear #
#What you'll always be #
# Can not my flailing #
# The days that # # l'm willing to give anything to be back again #
Oh no.
# Changing everything and restore shine # # l sing about the pain of a difficult day #
# Magic ensnare us ## l sing for a miracle tonight # # ln the midst of this sadness #
# Can love and hope to survive #
# For I was naive and unsure #
# But now I'm wiser and wondered #
# Days ago ## l can not go back to my childhood #
# Precious days it is not immortal # #Yang realized because my father # # l feel a change #
Hugging me tighter ### l feel stronger but shackled #
#A sunny day will return ##We have to believe Like the love #
#Wonderful days it will come back #
What happens when the last petals fall? Tuan will be ugly forever.
- The furniture is rarely used.
Trash. We become garbage. I want to help you.
There must be a way to break the curse.
There is one way.
You do not have to think about it.
We choose our options, and we must bear the consequences.
Termia love, Agathe.
Love looks way of thinking is not the appearance.
And because it was the angel of love blinded his eyes.
You know Shakespeare.
My education is quite high.
Romeo and Juliet is my favorite.
I'm not surprised.
- She let her heart melt and...
You'd better read another.
Like what?
You can start reading all that is here.
You're going to do it?
Yes, I think so.
If you really like it, then all of it is yours.
Not all.
Some of them speak Greek. Are you kidding me?
Can you kidding me right now?
Maybe.
The air is so blue and clear and cold.
Frozen in thin sheets.
Rolled stems and twigs
Each foliage in a blanket by glass.
I feel like I've seen this.
But in the silence He heard whispers from all asleep.
Look at me.
Come and wake me up.
SONG:
something THERE # There is a sweet and good #
# But he was nasty and rude #
# He glanced over here I think I see #
#When the touch he does not tremble viewed cakarku #
# New and makes me uneasy #
#Who would have thought this could happen? #
# True, he is not a handsome prince #
# But there was something about him that I did not realize #
Who would have thought ### Bless my soul #
#Who would have thought they would unite with itself # lt is strange ###We see #
#We pay attention to a few days away #
# There may be something that was not there # # There may be something there that was not there #
What, Mom?
# There may be something there that was not there #
What is that?
What is going on over there? I'll let you know when you've grown.
- What are you reading?
- lt is nothing. I guess "Lancelot."
Actually, "King Arthur and the Knights of the Roundtable."
Nonetheless,
- The reading romance. - OK. I have to thank you for saving my life.
I have to thank you because it has been rescued from the wolf.
- You know how to enjoy life.
When I walked into the room and laughing.
I also.
The villagers told me a strange girl.
I do not know they are praising or insulting.
Your village does not seem good.
It was a gift from the witch.
Books that can help you escape.
Awesome. This game is the most violent.
Almost like a curse.
But you can.
Think of a place you want to visit.
Where is this?
Paris.
Oh, I remember Paris.
What do you want to see first?
Rotterdam.
SONG:
How Does a Moment Last Forever # This is my childhood Paris #
Once this is my life boundary ##
#At the top of a rickety and dusty attic is #
#Where an artist mencinitai wife #
# Easy to remember #
# Difficult to forget #
# Has gone #
What happened to your mother? He never told me.
Mask doctor.
We have to go now.
Let us go home.
It sucks.
At least we were not in the trees and surrounded by a pack of wolves.
You know not too late to go back.
Every time I close my eyes, I imagined when I was stranded, and when I opened my eyes...
Gaston.
You're trying to kill Maurice?
Maurice.
Fortunately.
I've been looking for five days. You're trying to kill me.
You left me with a herd of wolves.
Wolf?
I understand, if you're imagining, but not if you accusing me of deliberately want to kill you.
Maurice, do you have proof?
- Tanya Agathe, he saved me.
You accuse based on statements from an old woman?
Sorry, Agathe.
Mr. LeFou.
He was there.
She saw everything. I?
You are right.
Do not joke.
LeFou. Dear friend of mine.
is it me, the most loyal friend, tried to kill the father of a woman who I really love?
That question is quite difficult.
He did not try to kill Maurice.
Basic you... Maurice.
I hate to say this, but you'll endanger yourself and the people around you.
That is why Belle run.
You need help.
Everything will be alright.
I saw her in the ballroom and said,
"l will make all look beautiful and tonight we'll dance."
I did not think he would say "yes."
- No, sir. It was perfect.
Petals roses are only four, it means to be tonight.
You must tell your feelings to her.
I feel stupid.
- He might not love me.
- Do not be discouraged.
He is. Stop saying that.
- No way we are united.
- You care about him, is not it?
Then, with romantic music and candles...
True, and when the time is right...
How could I know?
Do not worry, sir. You'll be fine.
Do not be too nervous and say you feel about Belle.
Because if not, I swear you will drink cold tea forever.
- ln the dark.
- Full dust. Dark and very dusty.
Starting from his hair, comb his hair.
I'll take care of her nails.
I'll brush her teeth.
Rub her nails. Polishing horns.
OK. I can clean up this.
Oh, beautiful.
Beauty and the Beast story of the ancient ##
#What is the real #
### But not friends fall in love #
#Without the suspect #
# Only a few changes #
### Both Little change slightly scared #
# Both were not ready #
# The beauty and the Beast #
Always the same ##
#Always surprising #
# Same as previous # #Always confident #
#As the sun always rises #
# The story of the ancient #
# The music is old-fashioned #
# Fun painful and strange # # Be aware you can change #
# Be aware that you're wrong #
#As Like the sun #
The rises in the East ### The story of the ancient #
# Rhythms ancient song #
# The beauty and the Beast #
### The story is ancient ancient rhythm of the song #
# The beauty and the Beast #
After all this time, I almost forgot the taste.
This seems stupid.
For such a creature I hope One day it will get your attention.
- l do not know.
Do you think you will be happy here?
Whether a person can be happy without freedom?
My father taught me how to dance.
I often stepped on his foot.
You must miss him.
Very.
You want to see him?
I want to see my father.
Father!
What did they do to him?
He is in danger!
Then you have to get there.
What are you saying?
You've got to save.
Bring it.
So you have a way to see me.
Sir, I've figured everything would run smoothly. True love always wins.
I let it go.
What?
Sir, why did you do it?
I must.
- But why?
- Because he loves her.
- So why do we not change?
- Because Belle does not love him.
- Now it's too late. - But he might come back.
No.
I released him.
I hope I can do the same thing to you.
Go.
Our time is running out.
Go on, my love.
I who have myself.
I am the master of my faith.
I never needed anybody in my life.
I learned today.
I'll never feel the pain.
I closed my eyes, but he's still there.
More than me.
Now I know you never feel it.
Although he escaped.
He kept torturing me, coming to hurt me, menggerakanku, come against me.
Waiting for my loneliness.
Waiting at the end of the open door.
I feel myself to appear in front of him.
And along with me forever more.
I'm ready to fight a crazy court.
I hit the light is blurred.
He is already in reach.
He was never far outside.
And I knew he would never see me.
Although he felt guilt.
He's still inside me.
He taught everything I do.
Waiting loneliness, waiting at the end of the open door.
I walked right in front of him.
And it perbicaraan in a very long night.
I think it could be waiting here forever more...
Exempt queen, please.
He was in the hospital.
Not in silence.
Do not you see? You deserve to be in a mental hospital?
You would not last a week.
Submit your daughter to me, and I'll set you free.
Stop.
- Pa.
- Oh, boy. - l thought I lost you.
- Let her go.
Please release him.
We can not do that Miss Potts, we'll take care of it properly.
My father was not crazy.
Gaston. Tell him.
You know how I am loyal to your family, but your father made amazing claims.
That's right Bell.
He discusses about a monster in the palace.
I just got out of the palace, and there was a monster.
You can say anything to release, words are difficult to prove.
You want proof?
Show me the monster that to me!
That's the proof.
It's unbelievable.
See the monster.
Look at this.
Here.
Gosh.
Do not be afraid.
She is gentle, and kind.
It smelled like a monster.
If I do not know right or bad.
He remains concerned him. He was not a monster, Gaston!
You're the monster.
Monster was not going to hurt anyone.
Hearts have been infected with dark magic, I've never seen in my life.
This rift in our great justice.
Yes! Do something!
We're not going to run to win from monsters. Catch him also. No!
- Get him! - No!
You're not going to get away with this, Gaston.
Gaston.
You want to be next? That's what I said.
Alert, this village will be damned if we do not stop it.
- Yes!
- We kill that monster!
Kill the monster! Kill him!
It's safe here until he comes at night to scare us.
With sacrifice. I was not appetizing at the monsters.
He will attack our village, do not let him free.
It is now time for action, everything.
Now it's time to follow.
He disguised himself and came out of the darkness, From the shadow of a nightmare.
And it was most encouraging. Save them.
He would sneak into the palace, and did something terrible inside.
He's a monster, he's got fangs.
Sharp. Large claw, claw killer for a party
Hear him roar, see the foam!
But we did not get home before he died! Until he's dead!
Kill the monster!
Turn obormu, Saddle your horse.
Put your courage in place.
Call it war, call it a threat.
You can bet they will all follow for at a time like this, they will carry out my orders.
Running clay, no question.
But I'm worried that the wrong monster released. Take ajourney!
Calculate! Hold your sword! Hold thine!
Praise the Lord and here we come!
Show me the palace.
At least they finally learn to love.
In other words, they do not have love.
It's the first time for me I was being rude.
you hear that? is it painful? is he back?
I told you.
Lots of infidels.
We fight them.
This is it.
That is true love.
Prepare mortar, and step aside.
There is a place in the back, we had to line up in battle.
and not afraid of the dangers that come.
There were black in this song, We will give this song.
We came to fight.
Come on, we need help.
- We must help the monster.
He let me go.
He released me to see you.
I do not understand.
I know what happened to my mother.
Then you know why I have to keep it secret?
I had to protect you, I should always protect my daughter.
Possible excessive.
I understand.
This is dangerous.
Yes.
I could try to damage the lock.
The key is to me, this. Padlock.
You need something sharp.
Like that.
Perfect.
- l'm really sorry to bother you, - she did not return.
No, they were behind the door.
It is okay.
Let them enter.
Kill the monster!
Kill the monster!
- lt did not work. - l know.
Kill the monster! Kill the monster!
Do not you realize that this house may be hunted?
Do not let yourself uneasy.
This place looks familiar. I had never been here before.
Oh, hello.
You must teacup spoke.
And you must be his mother.
The mother of his best friends?
Attack!
Gaston!
Gaston.
- Please.
Do you have children?
Good son.
Fool intruders arrived.
Those soldiers who called the shots book, great warrior.
Time's up.
Quiet.
Come here little boy.
I moved here and there.
Young boys here.
go after him!
Flush with hot water.
Please dont.
Ma!
thanks.
Semprotanku.
Lost?
I was in the Gaston, We're in a bad place at the moment.
You're too good for him.
Preparing to meet him.
- Humans are sweet.
- Destroy the piano.
I'm stronger. Go!
Take this.
Watch your step.
Why are you leaving?
I Gaston.
Belle sent me.
You fell in love with her?
Do you honestly think he wants?
Where is he?
When we returned to the village, you will marry me
And then he will die. - Let her go.
You.
I tell you, monster.
Back!
I tried to stop them.
Stay there. I come.
I'm not a monster.
Go! Exit.
I'll never leave you again.
It's time for me to go.
We're together now.
You'll be fine.
This is the last time for me to see you.
Please dont.
Back.
We managed to Plumete.
Victory is ours.
Everything is ours.
Plumete. Plumete.
Oh, my dear, Plumete.
- Oh.
- Maestro, you're very brave.
Goodbye my love.
Tea!
Tea!
You see Chip?
- l can not talk.
- lt's okay hour box.
An hour, unable to move.
Say that again.
Boy, look at you.
You become a child again.
I could smell You smell, dear.
You smell very fragrant.
All turned to humans.
You are there.
You changed.
- Henry.
- Henry?
- Oh, I'm so lonely.
To become an hour.
To become an hour.
Lumieas.
See.
Oh, prince. - Hello, old friend.
- Nice to meet you. - You look like a nanny? - No, she was the queen.
She was the queen.
The oldest fairy tales.
Papa.
Hunger turned into a party.
Nothing could be delivered.
- What is that? - How are you feeling slightly grow?
I do not know.
Certain as the sun.
Rises in the east.
The oldest fairy tales, poems are the oldest song.
Beauty and the Monster.
The oldest fairy tales. The oldest song rhyme.
Beauty and the Monster.
Water
Water is
Water is life.
Bassin de rtention d'eau  Tamera (Portugal)
avec Sepp Holzer et Benrd Mller
Water is life.
Water is the most important thing.
The whole world is 70% water.
We, animals, everything-70% water.
Water is the key issue for the survival human kind on this planet.
Nature has provided enough water everywhere on earth;
but, a billion people do not have sufficient access to clean drinking water.
More and more regions lack the water to grow the food they need.
Centralized systems of artificial water management cannot solve this problem.
We need de-centralized systems of natural water management.
We are in Tamera Peace Research Center in southern Portugal, where a water retention landscape has been in development since summer 2007.
Bernd Muller is responsible for Tamera's ecological research work.
In 2007 the community of Tamera still had the question whether a site of this size threatened by desertification could provide food, water and energy for 300 people.
We visited Sepp Holzer and asked him this question and he brought us this gift the vision of a water landscape.
Sepp Holzer, an Austrian mountain farmer, is a well-known specialist and visionary for permaculture and landscape healing.
Water is always at the core of his work.
For me water is the most important capital.
Wherever it's possible, you should create retention spaces and collect the rain water and re-learn with the water how to maintain a balance.
This is the most important thing because once you've created the right hydrological balance,
70% of the work is done.
ou help rich vegetation to develop, diversity ecause nature can reveal itself and develop in the right way.
Traveling through the world I have not seen a single situation, nation or land in which the development of a water retention landscape would not give the first important healing impulses.
In many parts of the world, countries are not able to feed their population anymore.
They have been unable to maintain their natural wildlife for a long time.
As a consultant in many countries
Sepp Holzer sees the consequence of deforestation, monoculture, overgrazing and industrial agriculture.
All these factors destroy the natural water balance.
The soil is drying out.
Water is being lost and the retention space, the natural water storage system of the earth, is becoming dry and the flora and fauna disappear.
In the end the land will turn into desert or burn ecause it's so dry.
You can see these problems happening all over the world, bringing huge catastrophes.
And the heavy rains come anyway.
What happens then?
The water rushes down the slopes because the dry soil does not absorb the water.
When the soil is hotter than the falling rain it rejects the water.
Only when the soil is cooler, when the vegetation is giving shadow then it attracts the water and lets it seep in.
This is the construction site for a new water retention space in Tamera.
Wherever you work with soil you can read the signs of erosion.
Topsoil should actually form a thick, living layer everywhere on the ground which enables rainwater to filter in.
But, this layer has been eroded away.
Now the topsoil lies in layers many meters thick in the bottom of valleys or is found as mud in rivers.
The surface of fields and sites higher up is depleted and barren.
De-centralized water retention landscapes give the water time to filter back into the earth body.
People always have the same questions, always the same worries, where will all this water come from ?
in such dusty dry soil without streams or a river.
How can I build a lake here ?
People have simply lost the knowledge of how to use the catchment area and the rain, the blessing of the water in the right way.
When I use the catchment area, thereupon, the lake will fill very quickly.
How much water can change a landscape in a short time.
We can see here, comparing Tamera before the creation of Lake 1 and today.
Water retention landscapes can be built everywhere.
Anywhere on earth.
A water retention space must not be sealed with concrete or plastic.
It is enough to build a dam out of natural material at the narrowest point of a valley.
You dig a ditch until you reach an impermeable layer.
On that solid ground you apply layer after layer of fine material, like moist clay and drive on it and roll it to build the water barrier.
This water barrier is the core of the dam.
For the outside of the dam I take course material, it doesn't have to be dense and water-proof.
Of course,
I will also have to compact it by driving on it and rolling it.
And like this, I build the whole dam, the water barrier in the core nd on the outside in a slope of 1 to 2, 1 meter up and 2 meters along, like this I build the two layers together, up to the top.
The water retention spaces have winding banks, shallow and deep zones, a diverse vegetation of water plants and are built aligned to the prevailing wind direction this way the water is always moving, is enriched with oxygen,
and thus is naturally purified.
The water in a water retention landscape stays fresh and alive by itself.
Since we created the first retention space, we can already keep much of the water from the winter rainfalls on the land.
In this way in can unfold its full healing capacity, the wildlife is responding and is returning and the vegetation is recovering.
We can plant fruit trees again, the forests recover and we can grow our food for people and for animals in the direct surroundings of the first retention space.
The water which used to run away and which is now stored here is at the same time also having an impact on the whole groundwater system.
In the first year, a spring developed below this lake which now gives water throughout the year.
Since we built this first dam, we no longer have such big variations with a lot of flowing water in winter when it's raining and droughts in the summer.
We have a more constant water situation throughout the year, which is of course a huge benefit for nature.
Nature shows you how this works, you just have to ask her, have to contact her, to communicate with her, then you will be fine anywhere on earth.
Ask nature, think with her and not against her.
Put yourself in her place and you get all the answers you need.
Make room in your head so that natural thinking has space to happen.
There has been abnormal mutant activity in the Tohoku area.
Did you find something out?
Nothing in particular.
It's jumping to conclusions to blame the twisted bridge and the strange occurrence in the river on mutants.
However, the U-Men's mutant detection device found a strong signal.
I can't understand that.
But I'm surprised.
Little Hisako becoming a member of the X-Men!
When I remembered the Sasaki Institute, Professor X was happy, too.
Charles was...
Will Professor X be joining you here as well?
No. He left the investigation to us.
-l see.
-What exactly is this Sasaki Academy?
We were never as big as the Xavier Institute, but we took in the mutant children from the area temporarily.
So, are you also a mutant?
-No.
-ln that case, why?
I wanted to do something for the children who were snubbed and couldn't go to school, just because they were mutants.
But... I suppose there were limits to what I could do alone.
So you shut it down?
Yes. Now I use the facility for medical and mutant research.
You know, Dr. Sasaki, I... I was really good friends with a kid in school.
Good friends?
Yeah. I think that kid was a little younger than me.
It was a boy, but... I can't remember him no matter how hard I try.
Dr. Sasaki, do you remember him?
Back then I had so many children here. I really don't remember.
Doctor!
It's almost time for the meeting.
These are the members of my research team. From the left, this is Koichi Kaga,
Jun Sanada, and Riko Nirasaki.
And these are the X-Men.
I've heard about what you've done. It's an honor to meet you.
-That's everyone?
-Yes.
Go ahead.
Excuse me.
The weather appears to be clearing.
It might be a good time to go check on the Blackbird.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could I borrow some tools?
-Yes.
-l'll go, too.
-l'm coming, too.
-Scott.
You talk to Hisako and Emma.
However...
Understood.
The research facility is in the back of this house.
The main equipment is underground.
A boy...
Younger than me...
Hisako.
You used to go to an ordinary school, right?
Yeah. I used to come to the Academy after my regular school let out.
Maybe that boy was a friend of yours at school?
-Maybe...
-By the way, Yui.
Aren't you an acquaintance of Professor X?
Yes. It was more than 15 years ago, but I did meet him once.
More than 15 years ago?
But we were never close.
It was such a long time ago, I don't really remember.
I have to go to a meeting, so please make yourselves at home.
If you need anything, you can reach me on this intercom.
I feel like Dr. Sasaki's changed.
Changed?
Yeah. She used to be kinder and warmer, I think.
She still seems kind, at least to me.
That's true, but...
Yui Sasaki is lying.
She said she hasn't seen Professor X in 15 years.
But she has seen him since then.
Did you read her mind?
It's because of things like that that people hate mutants.
No. I didn't use telepathy.
This is a woman's intuition, right?
A woman's intuition?
When we mentioned the Professor, she called him "Charles."
Even though they weren't that close.
Some people use first names even with people they're not friendly with.
But she had asked you if Professor X was planning on coming.
Yui Sasaki is involved with Professor X on a much deeper level.
A deeper level...
-All right, let's pull it out!
-That's impossible.
I'm joking.
Storm!
Could you melt all this ice?
That's also impossible. Look at this snow.
I wonder if you could even call it snow.
At first glance, it seems like snow, but...
It doesn't melt. It's not even cold.
It seems more like a mineral.
So in Japan they have diamond or ruby snow?
Of course not.
It's as ifjust this place was suddenly changed.
At any rate, there's nothing we can do like this.
I'll contact Charles and have him send a spare Blackbird.
Yui Sasaki?
Yes, I thought I'd let you know, just in case.
Understood. ln any event, I'll send you the backup jet at once.
Thank you.
-It's been a while.
-Yui.
I wasn't expecting you to contact me.
From the sound of it, you've already heard a report about me.
I hear you've shut down the Academy.
Let me just state my business. I want to continue my research here in peace.
Are you saying the X-Men are in the way?
I'll help if needed. But I want them out of here as soon as the investigation is over.
would something be disturbed if they stay too long?
It may be the key to solving the string of mutant occurrences around your lab.
I have nothing to do with it.
I'm not so sure about that. When I sent my mind to Tohoku,
I saw you and a boy.
I couldn't see his face, but you overlapped with him.
Does that boy have anything to do with you?
Why did he enter my mind?
Answer me, Yui.
That boy is probably Takeo.
Takeo?
He's my son. Mine...
And yours.
Our son?
You're telling me I have a son?
So then that was...
My son entered my consciousness.
That is incorrect.
If you say you saw him, then you just happened to look in my mind.
But I'm certain I met that boy.
You said you couldn't see his face. That's natural.
Because Takeo is already gone.
What does that mean?
Do you mean our son is dead?
Someday I'll tell you everything.
But for now, please stop meddling in my affairs.
Staying here is pointless.
In the meantime, let's go back to the Sasaki house.
An avalanche?
Doesn't seem like it.
is a mountain monster making snowmen or...
What on earth is that?
It seems that snowman has business with us.
So let's go say hello!
Wait!
-What's that?
-Storm.
There's one here, too.
Greetings, ladies and gentlemen of the X-Men.
How do you like Japan?
It's not bad. The food is good and the scenery's nice.
Then you'll have no regrets when I kill you here!
Sorry, but I haven't seen any Kabuki yet.
What are you?
Some kind of hedgehog monster?
Beast!
Did you pulverize him?
There was no resistance.
You are pretty tough.
It's about time.
What?
So that was the aim of the attack just now.
The greetings are finished. Let's meet again.
I see. He can liquefy his body.
That's why he offered no resistance.
This is no time for analysis!
Let's get out of here!
Jun?
I'm going to take my shot in my room.
Make sure the X-Men don't see you.
-Be careful.
-l understand.
Hisako?
is something wrong with your right hand?
The bruise on my hand is hurting.
Bruise?
